Things to consider:•	Diet/Nutrition might be used interchangeably in most cases.•	Activity/Exercise might also be used interchangeably in most cases.•	How will you deal with the phrases?Module Title and Description	Keywords1.	Introduction to the Program: This module sets the stage for the entire Prevent T2 course.	•	Program goals•	Prediabetes•	Program Structure•	Personal Success Tool Modules•	Diabetes, Basics•	Heart Disease•	Stroke•	Weight loss by the numbers•	Blood sugar•	Blood pressure2.	Get Active to Prevent T2: This module provides the core principles of getting active.	•	Calories•	Activity or Activities, list of•	Activity Planner•	Activity, Pre-check•	Activity, Safety•	Activity, Challenges and Solutions•	Weather•	Blood sugar3.	Track Your Activity: This module provides the core principles of tracking activity.	•	Activity Tracking•	Activity, Challenges and Solutions4.	Eat Well to Prevent T2: This module provides the core principles of healthy eating.	•	Diabetes Plate Method•	Healthy Diet, Examples•	Processed Foods•	Foods to Choose•	Snacks•	Nutrition•	Dietary Strengths•	Calories•	Carbohydrates or carbs•	Protein•	Whole Grains and Fiber•	Fat•	Heart Disease•	Stroke5.	Track Your Food: This module provides the core principles of tracking food.	•	Nutrition, Tracker or Food, Tracking•	Tracking Food Intake, Benefits•	Food Measurements•	Food Labels or Nutrition Facts Label•	Healthy Diet, Challenges and Solutions•	Heart Disease•	Blood Pressure•	Snacks•	Calories•	Fiber•	Fat6.	Get More Active: This module provides the core principles of increasing activity level.	•	Blood sugar•	Muscles•	Exercises•	Wall Push-Ups•	Arm Raises•	Arm Curls•	Resistance Bands•	Activity, Strategies7.	Energy In, Energy Out: This module provides the core principles of caloric balance.	•	Calories•	Foods to Choose•	Snacks•	Drinks to Choose•	Food Labels or Nutrition Facts Label•	Activity, Burning Calories•	Calories, Tracking•	Protein•	Fat8.	Eating to Support Your Health Goals: This module teaches participants how to buy and cook healthy food.	•	Healthy Diet, Strategies•	Mindful Eating•	Calories•	Fiber•	Vitamins•	Minerals•	Fat•	Foods to Choose•	Snacks•	Recipe Makeover/Alteration or Healthy Diet, Cooking9.	Manage Stress: This module teaches participants how to reduce and deal with stress.	•	Stress, Basics•	Stress, Symptoms•	Stress, Effects•	Stress, Reduction•	Stress, Management•	Blood sugar10.	Eat Well Away from Home: This module teaches participants how to stay on track with their eating goals at restaurants and social events.	•	Healthy Diet, Away From Home or Healthy Diet, Restaurants or Healthy Diet, Social Events•	Healthy Diet, Menus•	Foods to Choose•	Calories•	Carbohydrates or carbs•	Fat•	Blood sugar11.	Managing Triggers: This module teaches participants how to cope with triggers of unhealthy behaviors.	•	Nutrition, Triggers or Healthy Diet, Challenges and Solutions•	Activity, Triggers or Activity, Challenges and Solutions•	Groceries, Challenges and Solutions•	Healthy Diet, Emotions•	Money or Finances•	Weather•	Calories12.	Stay Active to Prevent T2: This module teaches participants how to find time to be active.	•	Activity, Challenges and Solutions•	Money or Finances•	Weather•	Injury•	Activity, Motivation•	Activity, Tips•	Stroke•	Blood sugar•	Blood Pressure13.	Take Charge of Your Thoughts: This module teaches participants how to replace harmful thoughts with helpful thoughts.	•	Thoughts•	Weather14.	Get Back on Track: This module teaches participants what to do when they get off track with their eating or fitness goals.	•	Problem-Solving•	Action Plan15.	Get Support: This module teaches participants how to get support for their healthy lifestyle.	•	Support16.	Stay Motivated to Prevent T2: This module helps participants reflect on their progress and keep making positive changes.	•	Action Plan•	Goals•	Success•	Motivation•	Calories17.	When Weight Loss Stalls: This module teaches participants how to start losing weight again when their weight loss slows down or stops.	•	Drinks to choose•	Weight loss•	Calories•	Fiber•	Fat•	Recipe Makeover/Alteration or Healthy Diet, Cooking•	Activity or Activities, list of•	Snacks•	Foods to choose18.	Take a Movement Break: This module teaches participants how to overcome barriers to taking a 2-minute fitness break every 30 minutes.	•	Activity, Challenges and Solutions19.	Keep Your Heart Healthy: This module teaches participants how to keep their heart healthy.	•	Heart disease•	Stroke•	Cholesterol•	Smoking•	Blood Pressure•	Foods to Choose•	Calories•	Fat•	Salt•	Processed Foods20.	Shop and Cook to Prevent: This module teaches participants how to have healthy food that they enjoy.	•	Groceries•	Foods to choose•	Snacks•	Money or Finances•	Protein•	Fat•	Recipe Makeover/Alteration or Healthy Diet, Cooking21.	Find Time for Physical Activity: This module teaches participants how to cope with some challenges of staying active.	•	Activity or Activities, list of22.	Get Enough Sleep: This module teaches participants how to cope with the challenges of getting enough sleep.	•	Sleep•	Carbohydrates or carbs23.	Stay Active Away from Home: This module teaches participants how to stay on track with their fitness goals when they travel for work or pleasure.	•	Activity, Challenges and Solutions•24.	More About T2: This module gives participants a deeper understanding of type 2 diabetes.	•	Diabetes, Basics•	Blood sugar25.	More About Carbs: This module gives participants a deeper understanding of carbohydrates.	•	Blood sugar•	Calories•	Carbohydrates or carbs•	Protein•	Fiber•	Fat•	Processed Foods•	Foods to Choose26.	Prevent T2—for Life! This module helps participants reflect on their progress and keep making positive changes over the long term.	•	Action Plan•	Goals•	Nutrition, Tracker or Food, Tracking•	Activity Tracking•	Success